feat: add WIF docs, add warning for credentials input (#141)
google-github-actions/get-gke-credentials: README.md

```yaml
steps:
- id: auth
  uses: google-github-actions/auth@v0.4.0
  with:
    workload_identity_provider: 'projects/123456789/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/my-pool/providers/my-provider'
    service_account: 'my-service-account@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com'

>     create_credentials_file: true

Reviewer: This is the default

Author: removed

- `location`: (Required) Location (Region/Zone) for the cluster.

> - `credentials`: (**Deprecated**) This input is deprecated. See [auth section](https://github.com/google-github-actions/get-gke-credentials#via-google-github-actionsauth) for more details.

Reviewer: Can we move this to the very end of the list?

Author: done

  - Get and list access to GKE Clusters.
`

### Via google-github-actions/auth

Use [google-github-actions/auth](https://github.com/google-github-actions/auth) to authenticate the action. You can use [Workload Identity Federation][wif] or traditional [Service Account Key JSON][sa] authentication.

> by specifying the `credentials` input. This Action supports both the recommended [Workload Identity Federation][wif]

Reviewer: I think the git diff got weird here because I did a web-based suggestion. I think you want to delete L85-86

Author: should be fixed now

  - Get and list access to GKE Clusters.
`

### Via google-github-actions/auth

> You can authenticate use [google-github-actions/auth](https://github.com/google-github-actions/auth) directly to the action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [google-github-actions/auth](https://github.com/google-github-actions/auth) to authenticate the action. You can use [Workload Identity Federation][wif] or traditional [Service Account Key JSON][sa] authentication.
```

by specifying the `credentials` input. This Action supports both the recommended [Workload Identity Federation][wif]
based authentication and the traditional [Service Account Key JSON][sa] based auth.

See [usage](https://github.com/google-github-actions/auth#usage) for more details.

#### Authenticating via Workload Identity Federation

```yaml
- id: auth
  uses: google-github-actions/auth@v0.4.0
  with:
    workload_identity_provider: 'projects/123456789/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/my-pool/providers/my-provider'
    service_account: 'my-service-account@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com'

>     create_credentials_file: true

Reviewer: I'd omit all of the "create_credentials_file" options as it's the default.

Author: done
